// Unregistered users' requirements
01. The system must allow an unregistered user to visualize a map with every available nearby event in the upcoming days
02. The system must allow an unregistered user to browse all the events based on location and/or theme and/or date
03. The system must allow an unregistered user to visualize the details of an event together with the score of the event's organizer
04. The system must allow an unregistered user to register either as a registered user or an event organizer, providing the necessary details

// Registered users' requirements
05. Registered users' details include: Name, Surname, Date of Birth, Email, Address, Username, Password, List of interests
06. The system must allow a registered user to login and logout
07. The system must allow a registered user to modify their credentials
08. The system must offer to a registered user the same functionalities of a non-registered user except for the registration
09. The system must allow a registered user to post a review of an event together with a numerical score (ranging from 1 to 5)
10. The system must allow a registered user to visualize the average scoring of an event
11. The system must allow a registered user to visualize public statistical graphs which get published by event organizers
12. The system must allow a registered user to state his presence to an event that hasn't taken place yet
13. The system must allow a registered user to befriend a fellow registered user
14. The system must allow a registered user to visualize what events will be attendend by his befriended users
15. Whenever a registered user states his presence to an event, the registered users in his friendlist must receive a notification about it
16. The previously stated notification must take this form: "Hi, *username* has decided to take part to *event name* which takes place in *event place* on *event date*!"
17. The system must recommend a registered user other events where he might take part based on:
	a) Previous reviews (written by the user or by his friends) 
	b) Past events the user has alredy attended to (both regarding the place or the theme)
	c) Distance by his home
	d) His own interests

// Event organizers requirements
18. An event organizer may be: a private Citizen or an organization
19. Private organizers' details include: Name, Surname, Username, VAT number,  Address, Date of Birth, Email, Password
20. The details of organizations include: Association name, VAT number, Email, Password, Member list
21. The system must allow an event organizer to login and logout
22. The system must allow an event organizer to modify their credentials
23. The system must allow an event organizer to visualize the average scoring of his events
24. The system must offer to an event organizer the same functionalities of a non-registered user except for the registration
25. The system must allow an event organizer to visualize public statistical graphs which get published by other event organizers
26. The system must allow an event organizer to register a new event providing its details
27. Events' details include: Name, Location, Tickets' price (based on ticket type, can be free), Start Date, End Date (if the event lasts for more than one single day), Category, Description (optional), Poster (optional), Starting Time(s)
28. The system must allow an event organizer to modify his own events' details
29. Whenever an event organizer modifies an event's details, the registered users which stated their presence will receive a notification via email containing the modified informations
30. The system must be able to show an event organizer how many registered users stated their presence at his events
31. The system must be able to show an event organizer various statistics for each event, such as:
	a) Average age of registered users who stated their presence at the event
	b) Predicted income
	c) Average rating of the event
32. An event organizer is free to choose whether to publish the previous statistics or not
33. The system must assign a score to organizers based on the score of their events

